Newbie challenges:
  Huddle landing: BG good, logo needs to be a little larger, 
                  logo needs to be a little lower and to the left, 
                  img needs to be a little larger, lower and to the right. 
                  H1 needs correct font, needs to be higher and weight bumped up. 
                  P needs to be higher and width a bit wider to match the same # of lines. 
                  Button needs higher, corrected font, font size, and box shadow needs to be better. 
                  Social media icons need to be larger (prob by 50% or 2x), little bit higher and much more to the left. 

  Order summary component:  BG good, main card needs to be taller. 
                            Font needs to be a little bit biger. 
                            Align the annual plan and pricing to the left, that section needs to be taller. 
                            Button needs to be a little taller.
                            Drop shadow under button.
                            Font size needs adjusted. 
                            Main card width needs widened. 

  FAQ accordion: BG good, main card needs to be taller/wider with drop shadow. 
                 HR needs to be lighter.
                 Font-size larger lighter font-weight. 
                 Heading sections could be taller. 
                 Fix attribute name in details errors.
                 FAQ logo/h1 needs to be larger. 
                
  Social links profile: BG good, MC needs to be taller, width good.
                        Prof picture needs to be a little smaller.
                        H1 needs to be slightly larger.
                        Location slightly larger and desc. 
                        Links color needs to be lighter. 
                        This was the closest one of the few so far. 

  Product preview card component: Almost pixel perfect. 
                                  MC needs to be slightly taller and wider. 
                                  Most font sizes are correct, adjust the old price (needs larger). 
                                  add to cart needs adjusted smaller.

  NFT preview card component: MC needs to be taller and slightly wider. 
                              Description font size needs to be larger.
                              Equilibrium logo and eth price needs to be aligned and weighted heavier.
                              Margin bottom of author needs larger.
                              Clock logo needs aligned. 

  Interactive rating component: MC needs to be wider and taller.
                                More margin around the star logo.
                                Number ratings needs to be lighter.
                                Submit button color needs to match background.
                                Line height needs adjusted.
                                P needs adjusted to match the desktop view. 

  Profile card component: Almost pixel perfect, drop shadow needs to be bigger.
                          HR needs to be thinner and lighter color.
                          Name font weight needs to be smaller.
                          MC needs to be slightly taller, width perfect.
                          Stats at bottom too heavily weighted, as is sub titles. 
                          BG circles (TL) needs moved right, (BR) needs moved up slightly.

  QR code component: BG needs to expand to full screen dvh.
                     Drop shadow on bottom only.
                     Width looks good.
                     MC border around img needs to be thinner slightly.
                     P font color needs to be darker.
                     
                     
